# Module8-Journal
In Project three was about The Corner Grocer needs a program that analyzes the text records they generate throughout the day. These records list items purchased in chronological order from the time the store opens to the time it closes. They are interested in rearranging their produce section and need to know how often items are purchased so they can create the most effective layout for their customers. The program that the Corner Grocer is asking you to create should address the following three requirements for a given text-based input file that contains a list of purchased items for a single day for example Produce a list of all items purchased in a given day along with the number of times each item was purchased. Produce a number representing how many times a specific item was purchased in a given day and last to Produce a text-based histogram listing all items purchased in a given day, along with a representation of the number of times each item was purchased.
I felt like I did okay not too well because I still had some errors but my program actually came up.
I could have enchance it by fixing about two errors but I didn't quite try and fix it myself because I ran  out of time.
Actually C++ and Python together all of it took quite a while to put togehter, I had to ask for help a lot from my peers but at the same time I had to figure out more pieces to it. 
I really had to work on being simple, and make it to where everyone can read it. If I was reading it and it doesn't make sense I had to make sure I go back and look at it again and again. 
